Boss Zhou should wake up soon
I poked it with my finger
He also said that he would cure the disease. If so
I am a world famous doctor
Guo Lao is like a deceitful liar like this
Call and arrest him, stop talking nonsense
The hand you just showed
Could it be that it is the Holy Hand of Ghost Valley?
Oh.
You know
Oops, I was lucky enough to see it once many years ago
Unexpectedly, in my lifetime
I actually saw Ghost Valley Sacred Hands again
Just received the corpse of the old man
It doesn't matter
Past you see
Didn't this kid treat Boss Zhou for vomiting blood?
What the hell is not you?
It's crap.
If he can cure Boss Zhou's illness
I'll just kneel down for him
So cool
My Body
Never been so stupid
Come on, did you save me?
What!
Exquisite. Okay?
Unclear light
Mr. Ye gave it to me
Mr. Ye
Thank you Mr. Ye
Thank you for saving my life.
I can't repay Zhou
If you don't need China's disease in the future
Please share with Mr. Ye at any time.